[RFR] better Readme and doc (#31)
marmelab/postgres-queries: docs/configuration.md

---
layout: default
title: "Builder Configuration"
---
# Query builder configuration

> The [query builders](#builderList) possess the following configurations options

Reviewer: process -> have?

- [upsertOne](queryBuilder.html#upsertone)
- [batchInsert](queryBuilder.html#batchinsert)
- [BatchUpsert](queryBuilder.html#batchupsert)
- [insertOne](queryBuilder.html#insertone)
- [remove](queryBuilder.html#remove)
- [batchRemove](queryBuilder.html#batchremove)
- [removeOne](queryBuilder.html#removeone)
- [update](queryBuilder.html#update)
- [updateOne](queryBuilder.html#updateone)
- [crud](queryBuilder.html#crud)

## `returnCols`

The list of columns that will be returned from query result.

Used By
- [selectOne](queryBuilder.html#selectone)
- [select](queryBuilder.html#select)
- [selectByOrderedIdentifiers](queryBuilder.html#selectbyorderedidentifiers)
- [upsertOne](queryBuilder.html#upsertone)
- [batchInsert](queryBuilder.html#batchinsert)
- [BatchUpsert](queryBuilder.html#batchupsert)
- [insertOne](queryBuilder.html#insertone)
- [remove](queryBuilder.html#remove)
- [batchRemove](queryBuilder.html#batchremove)
- [removeOne](queryBuilder.html#removeone)
- [update](queryBuilder.html#update)
- [updateOne](queryBuilder.html#updateone)
- [crud](queryBuilder.html#crud)

## `writableCols`

The list of columns that can be set in insert and update queries.

> Any key not in this array will be removed from the filter parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any key not specified in this parameter will be removed from the [filter](#filter).
```

```js
['name', 'firstname']
```

Used by
- [upsertOne](queryBuilder.html#upsertone)
- [batchInsert](queryBuilder.html#batchinsert)
- [BatchUpsert](queryBuilder.html#batchupsert)
- [insertOne](queryBuilder.html#insertone)
- [update](queryBuilder.html#update)
- [updateOne](queryBuilder.html#updateone)
- [crud](queryBuilder.html#crud)

## `searchableCols`

The list of column that can be searched in select query.

Used by
- [select](queryBuilder.html#select)
- [crud](queryBuilder.html#crud)

## `filterCols`

The list of columns that can be used to filter the rows

Used By
- [Remove](queryBuilder.html#remove)
- [Update](queryBuilder.html#update)

## `specificSorts`

Allow to specify specific sorts for select.
A specific sorts is used to tell the builder how to sort an enumerable column.

> For example imagine a level column that can have the values of `novice`, `expert` or `master`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, say we have a level column that can have the values of `novice`, `expert` or `master`.
```

> In order to be able to sort these values, we need to tell sql which value is greater than the other.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to sort these values, we need to specify which value is greater than the other.
```
